```

S.No	Technology Area	Question	Response	Interviewer Name
1	General	About last project,		
2	General	Day to day activities in last projects,		
3	General	Technologies used in last project.		
4	Java	How Garbage Collection is working in java.		
5	Java	try with resources.		
6	Java	Java 8 features.		
7	Java	Functional Interfaces.		
8	Java	Exception handling in java.		
9	Java	String constant pool in java.		
10	Springboot	Springboot Annotations.		
11	Springboot	@Autowired.		
12	Springboot	spring data jpa.		
13	Springboot	Exception handling in spring boot.		
14	Springboot	Springboot starters.		
15	Springboot	Rest API flow.		
16	Springboot	snippet for creating RestAPI.		
	General	Reason for Switching to Capgemini		
	General	About last project I worked on		
	General	On a typical day what kind of activity you will be doing in your project		
	Database	Joins		
	Database	Union		
	Java	What is the difference between primitive and Object		
	Java	String datatype is Primitive datatype or Object?		
	Java	Can we change the value of the String?		
	Java	How to append in the String?		
	Java	In String Buffer and Builder, which one is thread safe?		
	Java	In String Buffer and Builder, which one's performance is better?		
	Java	What is the difference between Class and Object?		
	Java	How will you identify a constructor among all the methods in a class?		
	Rest	In which case we will go for GET method and POST method		
	Rest	What are the different HTTP methods in the API and what are the difference between them?		
	Rest	Between GET and POST which API is secured?		
	Spring	What is Spring MVC		
	Spring	In our last project what component will form the Model, View and Controller		
	General	Mostly about previous project( 10-15 minutes of the interview based on this)		
	General	Day to Day activities in previous Organization		
	Java	What is synchronization In java		
	Java	Rest API flow in java		
	Database	Primary key and foreign key in SQL		
	Java	Static in java		
	Java	Try catch and finally block in java		
	Java	Purpose of finally block in java		
	Java	Return inside finally block		
	Java	Design patterns in java		
	Java	Behavioral design patterns		
	Spring	Explain spring in real time scenario		
	Agile	Purpose of agile methodology		
	Database	How to find duplicates in table 		
	Java	Exception handling in java		
	Java	Functional interface in java		
	ReactJS	About hooks in functional component		
	ReactJS	What are life cycle methods i used in my  project 		
	ReactJS	Purpose of setState and it's behavior (Sync or Async)		
	ReactJS	What are fragments?		
	ReactJS	What are the keywords for react routers		
	ReactJS	What is shouldComponentUpdate 		
  
  ```
